# Cordis-Technology-Saudi-arabia
E-invoicing is the process of electronically generating an invoice containing all relevant data. Prior to electronic invoicing, this process required the use of paper and did not ensure the complete accuracy of data. This old method was also quite labor-intensive to perform, resulting in higher costs.  The introduction of electronic invoicing has made the generation of invoices a lot faster, and entirely digital. As a result, the data that the invoice holds has zero errors, and the invoice possesses a standardized structure.  The e-invoice possesses supplier information in a standardized format to then be integrated into the AP system. The e-invoicing software has been prepared to have all the tools that businesses of any size would need to not just generate their electronic invoices, but also do so while complying with ZATCA laws.  ZATCA stands for Zakat, Tax &amp; Customs Authority. It has passed E-invoicing laws in KSA, and these laws have been issued to ensure that all businesses use compliant electronic invoicing systems to issue their electronic invoices. And, this system should allow debit, and credit transactions as well.  It is meant to be applied in the Generation, and Integration phases. The first phase was initiated in 2021 while the second will be put into effect in 2023. The first phase makes it crucial for businesses to acquire a compliant cloud-based solution to provide e-invoices to all taxpayers, and the rules of the second phase will be for certain taxpaying groups and will put forward another set of rules which will be announced before they are also put into practice.  The E-invoicing cloud-based software has been made to fulfill all these rules so as to ensure that the businesses utilizing it are 100% compliant with all the rules established by ZATCA.   This software has the tools to provide QR codes on every single physical invoice. The E-invoice system also has the ability to be compatible with a plethora of payment methods to offer enhanced flexibility.  Furthermore, the electronic tax invoice system has the features to keep track of staff attendance, availability, productivity, payments, holidays, and even maintain their timesheets for detailed record management.  And the biggest benefit that the Electronic invoice processing system can give you is that it will prepare your business to adhere to even the regulations that will be a part of the second phase issued by ZATCA.  It enables all e-invoices to possess complete VAT details and to be issued in XML format as per the guidelines enforced by ZATCA.  Using this modern software, all transactions are better recorded, allowing for better access, and all data is archived to ensure faster access, and make compliance easier.  Tax calculation is also simplified to allow for this process to get done quicker with higher accuracy. In addition, automated analytics, and reports are also available to keep track of all paid taxes, completed or withstanding payments, expenditures, etc.  This system also keeps all data, reports, statistics, analytics, etc safe within it, and has tools to prevent any fraud from happening.
